src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.annotation.PostConstruct'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.annotation.PostConstruct'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.annotation.PostConstruct'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.annotation.PostConstruct'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:14:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype.jsr310.JavaTimeModule'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:14:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype.jsr310.JavaTimeModule'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype.jsr310.JavaTimeModule'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:14:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype.jsr310.JavaTimeModule'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplication.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.AuthorizationException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.AuthorizationException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.AuthorizationException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.AuthorizationException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.CustomErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.CustomErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.CustomErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.CustomErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:12:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:12:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:12:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:21:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:21:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:22:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:22:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getValidity': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/AuthenticationClient.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getValidity': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:21:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:21:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEmployeeById': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEmployeeById': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:23:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 23
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:23:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 23
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:26:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:26:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:27:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addEmployee': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:27:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addEmployee': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:30:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:30:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:31:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEmployee': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:31:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEmployee': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getHomeManagers': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getHomeManagers': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:37:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:37:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateEmployee': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateEmployee': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteEmployee': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteEmployee': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/client/UserDetailsClient.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/config/SwaggerConfig.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/config/SwaggerConfig.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/config/SwaggerConfig.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/config/SwaggerConfig.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/config/SwaggerConfig.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/config/SwaggerConfig.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:32:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:32:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the authorisingClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the authorisingClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:41:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:41:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'valid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'valid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:44:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:44:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:45:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:45:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:45:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:45:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:60:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 60
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:60:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 60
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:61:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:61:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:66:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Invalid token" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 66
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:66:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Invalid token" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 66
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:79:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:79:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:79:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:79:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assignManagers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assignManagers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:97:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:97:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:97:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:97:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assignManagers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assignManagers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:115:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:115:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:116:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:116:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:116:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:116:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:133:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:133:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:134:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:134:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:134:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignController.java:134:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:27:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:32:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:32:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the authorisingClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the authorisingClient field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:41:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:41:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'valid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'valid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:44:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:44:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:45:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:45:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:45:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:45:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:59:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 59
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:59:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 59
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:59:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:59:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:64:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Invalid token" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 64
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:64:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Invalid token" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 64
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:77:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:77:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:78:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:78:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:95:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:95:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:96:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:96:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:96:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:96:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'homeManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'homeManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:114:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:114:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:114:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:114:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'homeManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'homeManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:132:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:132:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:133:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:133:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requestTokenHeader
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestTokenHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:133:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerController.java:133:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:3:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:3:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AssignManagers.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AuthResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AuthResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AuthResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AuthResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AuthResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AuthResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AuthResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AuthResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AuthResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/AuthResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:23:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'isDeleted'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/entity/Employee.java:23:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'isDeleted'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AssignNotFoundException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AssignNotFoundException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AssignNotFoundException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AssignNotFoundException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AssignNotFoundException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AssignNotFoundException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AssignNotFoundException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AssignNotFoundException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthenticationException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthenticationException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthenticationException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthenticationException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthenticationException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthenticationException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthenticationException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthenticationException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthorizationException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthorizationException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthorizationException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthorizationException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthorizationException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthorizationException.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthorizationException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/AuthorizationException.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeEmptyException.java:2:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeEmptyException.java:2:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeEmptyException.java:2:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeEmptyException.java:2:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeEmptyException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeEmptyException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeEmptyException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeEmptyException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeNotFoundException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeNotFoundException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeNotFoundException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeNotFoundException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeNotFoundException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeNotFoundException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeNotFoundException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/EmployeeNotFoundException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.http.HttpStatus'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.http.HttpStatus'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.http.HttpStatus'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.http.HttpStatus'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'now' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ExceptionDetails.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'now' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:19:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:24:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:24:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'objectMapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'objectMapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'details' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'details' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:31:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'details'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:31:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'details'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:35:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:35:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:37:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:37:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/FeignExceptionHandler.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonProcessingException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonProcessingException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonProcessingException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.core.JsonProcessingException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:16:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.JsonMappingException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:16:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.JsonMappingException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:16:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.JsonMappingException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:16:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.JsonMappingException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:17:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.CustomErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.CustomErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:18:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.CustomErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:18:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.feign.exceptions.CustomErrorDecoder'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'feign.FeignException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'feign.FeignException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'feign.FeignException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:21:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'feign.FeignException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:26:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:26:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:26:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:26:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionDetail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:116:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/GlobalExceptionHandler.java:116:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidNameException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidNameException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidNameException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidNameException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidNameException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidNameException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidNameException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidNameException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidReAssignException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidReAssignException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidReAssignException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidReAssignException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidReAssignException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidReAssignException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidReAssignException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/InvalidReAssignException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ManagerNotFoundException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ManagerNotFoundException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ManagerNotFoundException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ManagerNotFoundException.java:3:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ManagerNotFoundException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ManagerNotFoundException.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ManagerNotFoundException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/exception/ManagerNotFoundException.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.SerializationFeature'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.SerializationFeature'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.SerializationFeature'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.SerializationFeature'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.google.common.io.CharStreams'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.google.common.io.CharStreams'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.google.common.io.CharStreams'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.google.common.io.CharStreams'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.context.annotation.Configuration'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.context.annotation.Configuration'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.context.annotation.Configuration'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.context.annotation.Configuration'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:20:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'errorDecoder'.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:20:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'errorDecoder'.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '26'-'46').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '26'-'46').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:26:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'message' is never used (overwritten on line 46)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:26:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'message' is never used (overwritten on line 46)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:26:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'message'.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:26:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'message'.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '27'-'31').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '27'-'31').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:29:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:29:	UseTryWithResources:	UseTryWithResources: Consider using a try-with-resources statement instead of explicitly closing the resource
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exceptionMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:46:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '46'-'73').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:46:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '46'-'73').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:46:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'message' is never used
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:46:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'message' is never used
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:50:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:50:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:56:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:56:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:57:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:57:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:60:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:60:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:64:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:64:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/CustomErrorDecoder.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.InputStream'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:4:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.io.InputStream'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.io.InputStream'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:4:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.io.InputStream'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:22:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'errorDecoder' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:22:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'errorDecoder' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:22:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'errorDecoder'.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:22:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'errorDecoder'.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'methodKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'methodKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '26'-'52').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '26'-'52').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:26:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:26:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:26:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'message'.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:26:	UnusedLocalVariable:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'message'.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bodyIs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bodyIs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:39:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:39:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:43:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:43:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:47:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/feign/exceptions/RetreiveMessageErrorDecoder.java:47:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/project/manager/repository/AssignedRepository.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/repository/AssignedRepository.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/repository/AssignedRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/repository/AssignedRepository.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like assignedRepository
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like assignedRepository
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assignManagers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assignManagers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:34:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:34:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'employeeDetails' (lines '36'-'52').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:36:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'employeeDetails' (lines '36'-'52').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'employeeDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'employeeDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:36:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:36:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managerDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managerDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:39:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:39:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:40:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:40:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:42:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:42:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:43:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:43:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:45:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:45:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:68:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:68:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assigned' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assigned' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assignManagers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assignManagers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:94:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:94:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:96:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'assigned' (lines '96'-'108').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:96:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'assigned' (lines '96'-'108').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assigned' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assigned' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:96:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:96:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managerDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'managerDetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:101:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:101:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignService.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeEmptyException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeEmptyException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeEmptyException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeEmptyException'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'homeManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'homeManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:28:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:28:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:46:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:47:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:47:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:56:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:56:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:67:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:67:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:70:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'manager'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:70:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'manager'
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'homeManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'homeManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:93:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:93:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'homeManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'homeManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:107:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerService.java:107:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:18:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:18:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regex' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regex' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:20:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pattern' (lines '20'-'25').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:20:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pattern' (lines '20'-'25').
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:20:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:20:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:21:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:21:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:22:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:22:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:23:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:23:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:24:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:24:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:32:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:32:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:33:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:33:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:34:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:34:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:34:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:34:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:42:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:42:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:44:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:44:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:45:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:45:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:53:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:53:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regex' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'regex' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:57:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:57:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:58:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:58:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/project/manager/validator/ManagerValidator.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:1:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:1:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.hamcrest.Matchers.containsString'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:7:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.hamcrest.Matchers.containsString'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.hamcrest.Matchers.containsString'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:7:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.hamcrest.Matchers.containsString'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.request.MockMvcRequestBuilders.get'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:8:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.request.MockMvcRequestBuilders.get'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.request.MockMvcRequestBuilders.get'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:8:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.request.MockMvcRequestBuilders.get'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultHandlers.print'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultHandlers.print'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultHandlers.print'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultHandlers.print'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultMatchers.content'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultMatchers.content'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultMatchers.content'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultMatchers.content'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultMatchers.status'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:11:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultMatchers.status'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultMatchers.status'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:11:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result.MockMvcResultMatchers.status'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:18:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:21:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'mockMvc'.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:21:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'mockMvc'.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:24:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:24:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:24:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:24:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:24:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/project/manager/ManagerApplicationTests.java:24:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:1:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:1:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:15:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:15:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:38:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:38:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:39:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:39:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:39:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:39:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:39:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:39:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:67:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testClientNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:67:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testClientNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:73:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testMockMvcNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:73:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testMockMvcNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:79:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testServiceNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:79:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testServiceNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:85:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllAssignsWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:85:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllAssignsWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:86:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "@uthoriz@tionToken123" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 86
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:86:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "@uthoriz@tionToken123" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 86
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:89:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "/assign/view/all" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:89:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "/assign/view/all" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:89:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:89:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:90:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "$.length()" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 90
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:90:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "$.length()" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 90
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:97:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllAssignsWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:97:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllAssignsWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:97:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:97:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:98:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "wrongtoken" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 98
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:98:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "wrongtoken" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 98
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:107:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllAssignsWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:107:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllAssignsWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:107:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:107:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:114:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllAssignsClientError method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:114:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllAssignsClientError method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:114:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:114:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:122:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAssignByIdWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:122:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAssignByIdWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:128:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "$.assignId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 128
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:128:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "$.assignId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 128
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:135:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAssignByIdWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:135:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAssignByIdWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:146:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAssignByIdWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:146:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAssignByIdWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:154:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testassignManagerWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:154:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testassignManagerWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:173:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testassignManagerWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:173:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testassignManagerWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:189:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testassignManagerWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:189:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testassignManagerWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:203:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteAssignsByIdWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:203:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteAssignsByIdWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:218:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteAssignsByIdWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:218:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteAssignsByIdWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:230:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteAssignsByIdWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:230:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteAssignsByIdWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:239:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateAssignedManagerWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:239:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateAssignedManagerWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:251:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:259:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateAssignedManagerWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:259:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateAssignedManagerWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:268:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:268:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:274:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateAssignedManagerWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:274:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateAssignedManagerWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:275:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:275:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:278:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:278:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:281:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/AssignControllerTest.java:281:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:1:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:1:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:41:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:41:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement: Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:42:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:42:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:42:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:42:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:42:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:42:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:55:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'emp2' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:55:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'emp2' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:55:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'emp2'.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:55:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'emp2'.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:62:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "2022-02-02" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 62
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:62:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "2022-02-02" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 62
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:75:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testClientNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:75:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testClientNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:81:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testMockMvcNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:81:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testMockMvcNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:87:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testServiceNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:87:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testServiceNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:93:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllManagersWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:93:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllManagersWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:94:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "@uthoriz@tionToken123" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 94
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:94:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "@uthoriz@tionToken123" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 94
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:97:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "/managers/view/all" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 97
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:97:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "/managers/view/all" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 97
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:97:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 97
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:97:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Authorization" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 97
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:105:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllManagersWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:105:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllManagersWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:105:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:105:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:106:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "wrongtoken" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 106
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:106:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "wrongtoken" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 106
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:114:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllManagersClientError method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:114:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllManagersClientError method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:114:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:114:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:121:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllManagersWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:121:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetAllManagersWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:121:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:121:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:127:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetManagerByIdWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:127:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetManagerByIdWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:133:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "$.empId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 133
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:133:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "$.empId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 133
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:139:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetManagerByIdWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:139:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetManagerByIdWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:139:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:139:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:149:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetManagerByIdWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:149:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testgetManagerByIdWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:149:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:149:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:155:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteManagerByIdWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:155:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteManagerByIdWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:169:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteManagerByIdWithInvalidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:169:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteManagerByIdWithInvalidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:169:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:169:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:181:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteManagerByIdWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:181:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testdeleteManagerByIdWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:181:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:181:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:188:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testaddManagerWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:188:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testaddManagerWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:206:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testaddManagerWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:206:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testaddManagerWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:220:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testaddManagerWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:220:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testaddManagerWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:220:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:220:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:231:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateManagerWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:231:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateManagerWithValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:250:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateManagerWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:250:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateManagerWithoutValidToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:265:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateManagerWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:265:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testupdateManagerWithoutToken method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/controller/ManagerControllerTest.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:1:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:1:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:13:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:13:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.time.Instant'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:35:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:35:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:35:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:35:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like assignedRepository
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like assignedRepository
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:56:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "2022-02-02" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 56
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:56:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "2022-02-02" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 56
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:64:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testUserDetailsClientNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:64:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testUserDetailsClientNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:71:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testAssignServiceNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:71:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testAssignServiceNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:78:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testAssignedRepositoryNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:78:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testAssignedRepositoryNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:85:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:85:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:89:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "token" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:89:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "token" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:94:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:94:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:105:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:105:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:116:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:116:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:116:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:116:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:128:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:128:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:135:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:135:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:135:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:135:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assign2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assign2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:143:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:143:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:143:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:143:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:151:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:151:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:151:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:151:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assign2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assign2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:160:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:160:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:169:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:169:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:169:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:169:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assign2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assign2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:180:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:180:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:180:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:180:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:189:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:189:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:189:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:189:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assign2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'assign2' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/AssignServiceTest.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:1:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:1:	TooManyStaticImports:	TooManyStaticImports: Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:16:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.junit.runner.RunWith'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:16:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.junit.runner.RunWith'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:16:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.junit.runner.RunWith'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:16:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.junit.runner.RunWith'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeEmptyException'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeEmptyException'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:24:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeEmptyException'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:24:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeEmptyException'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeNotFoundException'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeNotFoundException'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:25:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeNotFoundException'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:25:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'com.project.manager.exception.EmployeeNotFoundException'
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:30:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:30:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:42:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'emp1' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:42:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'emp1' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:42:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'emp1'.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:42:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'emp1'.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:48:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "2022-02-02" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 48
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:48:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "2022-02-02" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 48
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:59:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testUserDetailsClientNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:59:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testUserDetailsClientNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:65:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testManagerServiceNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:65:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testManagerServiceNotNull method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:71:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:71:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:78:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:78:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:80:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "token" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 80
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:80:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "token" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 80
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:85:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:85:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:93:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:93:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:102:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:102:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:109:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:109:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate:	JUnit5TestShouldBePackagePrivate: JUnit 5 tests should be package-private.
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/project/manager/service/ManagerServiceTest.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
